# sdl2-cs

Automatically updated C# bindings for SDL2 with native dynamic link libraries. C# bindings are *exactly* how they are found in the C headers, and thus require enabling usage of the `unsafe` keyword.

## How to use

### NuGet package

NuGet is not recommended long term but it's simple enough to try things out.

1. Create a new `nuget.config` file if you don't have one already. Put it beside your `.sln`. If you don't have a `.sln` put it beside your `.csproj`.
```bash
dotnet new nuget
```

2. Add the following NuGet package source to the file.
```xml
<add key="lithiumtoast" value="https://www.myget.org/F/lithiumtoast/api/v3/index.json" />
```

3. Install the package for your runtime identifier.

Windows: `SDL.win-x64`

macOS: `SDL.osx-x64` 

Linux: `SDL.linux-x64` 

For more information on runtime identifiers see the [RID catalog](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/rid-catalog#using-rids). Runtime identifiers currently made available for NuGet packages for this project include: `win-x64`, `osx-x64`, `linux-x64`. If you need an other runtime identifier create an issue and I'll set it up.

### Git submodule

Git submodules are recommended over NuGet packages because you get the actual source code of the bindgen with all the comments.
You will however need to build the native library yourself and copy it to correct place at runtime. The good news is that is made easy with the `library.sh` script for Unix and the `library.cmd` script for Windows.

## Bindgen

Bindings are generated for C# using https://github.com/lithiumtoast/c2cs. At any time the bindings can be regenerated by running the `bindgen.sh` script for Unix and the `bindgen.cmd` script for Windows.